README.md, before:

# Data Science Self-Boost

## [IBM Data Science Professional Certificate on Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-science)

| 週次 | 項目 | 說明與筆記連結 |
| --- | --- | ------------ |
| Week 1 | What is Data Science? | 資料科學入門總覽 |
| Week 2 | Tools for Data Science | 資料科學家常用工具包 |
| Week 3 | Data Science Methodology | |
| Week 4 | Python for Data Science and AI | 基本 Python 語法 |
| Week 5 | Databases and SQL for Data Science | 基本 SQL 語法與資料庫概念 |
| Week 6 | Data Analysis with Python | 數據分析用 Python |
| week 7 | Data Visualization with Python | 資料視覺化用 Python |
| Week 8 | Machine Learning with Python | 機器學習用 Python |
| Week 9 | Applied Data Science Capstone | 系列課程期末作品 

## Kaggle Courses

### Python

| course | Note | Date |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| [Lesson 1 Hello Python](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/hello-python) | [01 [Python] Syntax, Variables and Numbers](https://github.com/laiyenju/data-science-selfboost/blob/master/01-python-syntax-variable.md) | 2020-09-06 |
| [Lesson 2 Functions & Getting Help](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/functions-and-getting-help) |  |  |
| [Lesson 3 Booleans & Conditionals](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/booleans-and-conditionals) |  |  |
| [Lesson 4 Lists](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/lists) |  |  |
| [Lesson 5 Loops & Lists Comprehensions](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/loops-and-list-comprehensions) |  |  |
| [Lesson 6 Strings & Dictionaries](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/strings-and-dictionaries) |  |  |
| [Lesson 7 Working with External Libraries](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/working-with-external-libraries) |  |  |


### Pandas

### Data Visualization

### Intro to Machine Learning

### Intermediate Machine Learning

### Kaggle Playground

- [Titanic](https://www.kaggle.com/c/titanic)
- [Housing Price](https://www.kaggle.com/c/home-data-for-ml-course)

## Applied Data Science with Python by University of Michigan on Coursera

- Course 1: Introduction to Data Science in Python
- Course 2: Applied Plotting, Charting & Data Representation in Python
- Course 3: Applied Machine Learning in Python
- Course 4: Applied Text Mining in Python
- Course 5: Applied Social Network Analysis in Python

## Andrew Wu's Machine Learning online course

- [Coursera: Machine Learning](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning)
- [Coursera: Deep Learning Specialization](https://www.deeplearning.ai/deep-learning-specialization/)

## Books

### for Casual and Mindset

- [Naked Statistics: Stripping the Dread from the Data](https://www.amazon.com/Naked-Statistics-Stripping-Dread-Data/dp/039334777X/ref=pd_sim_6?pd_rd_w=V66XA&pf_rd_p=dc435707-6f1f-492e-b80d-8408db56abc9&pf_rd_r=HTJE6EBBD07PT9698WP5&pd_rd_r=3801ed2a-36fa-42bb-bf76-702cf5d948e1&pd_rd_wg=IML1T&pd_rd_i=039334777X&psc=1)
- [The Data Detective: Ten Easy Rules to Make Sense of Statistics](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Detective-Rules-Sense-Statistics/dp/0593084594/ref=pd_sim_23?pd_rd_w=V66XA&pf_rd_p=dc435707-6f1f-492e-b80d-8408db56abc9&pf_rd_r=HTJE6EBBD07PT9698WP5&pd_rd_r=3801ed2a-36fa-42bb-bf76-702cf5d948e1&pd_rd_wg=IML1T&pd_rd_i=0593084594&psc=1)
- [How to Measure Anything](https://www.howtomeasureanything.com/)

### for Data Science Fundemental

- [Foundations of Data Science](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/jeh/book.pdf) - Free to Read
- [Data Smart](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Smart-Science-Transform-Information/dp/111866146X)
- [The Data Science Handbook](https://www.thedatasciencehandbook.com/)
- [Data Science for Business](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Business-Data-Analytic-Thinking-ebook/dp/B00E6EQ3X4)
- [Doing Data Science](https://www.amazon.com/Doing-Data-Science-Straight-Frontline-ebook/dp/B00FRSNHDC/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=Doing+Data+Science&qid=1617628039&s=digital-text&sr=1-1)
- [The Art of Data Science](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Data-Science-Roger-Peng/dp/1365061469/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=the+art+of+data+science+roger+peng&qid=1617628097&s=digital-text&sr=1-1)

### for Data Mining

- [The Ancient Art of the Numerati](http://guidetodatamining.com/) - Free to Read
- [Mining of Massive Datasets](http://www.mmds.org/) - Free to Read

### for Probability and Statistics

- [Introduction to Probability: Statistics and Random Processes](https://www.probabilitycourse.com/) - Free to Read
- [Probability Theory: The Logic of Science](https://bayes.wustl.edu/etj/prob/book.pdf) - Free to Read
- [Think Stats: Probability and Statistics for Programmers](https://greenteapress.com/thinkstats/) - Free to Read
- [Bayesian Methods for Hackers](https://github.com/CamDavidsonPilon/Probabilistic-Programming-and-Bayesian-Methods-for-Hackers) - Free to Read
- [Practical Statistics for Data Scientists](https://www.amazon.com/_/dp/1491952962?tag=oreilly20-20)

**Statistic Learning**

- [The Elements of Statistical Learning](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/ElemStatLearn/) - Free to Read
- [An Introduction to Statistical Learning](https://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Statistical-Learning-Applications-Statistics/dp/1461471370)

### for Database

- [SQL Cookbook](https://www.amazon.com/SQL-Cookbook-Solutions-Techniques-Developers-ebook/dp/B0026OR3KI)

### for Machine Learning

- [Machine Learning Yearning](https://github.com/ajaymache/machine-learning-yearning) - Free to Read
- [Understanding Machine Learning](https://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~shais/UnderstandingMachineLearning/#:~:text=About,%2C%20with%20far%2Dreaching%20applications.&text=The%20book%20provides%20a%20theoretical,these%20principles%20into%20practical%20algorithms.) - Free to Read

### for Deep Learning

- [Deep Learning](https://www.deeplearningbook.org/) - Free to Read

### for Experiment Design and A/B Testing

- [A First Course in Design and Analysis of Experiments](http://users.stat.umn.edu/~gary/Book.html) - Free to Read
- [Designing with Data: Improving the User Experience with A/B Testing](https://www.amazon.com/Designing-Data-Improving-Experience-Testing/dp/1449334830)

### for Data Visualization

- [Storytelling with Data: A Data Visualization Guide for Business Professionals](https://www.amazon.com/Storytelling-Data-Visualization-Business-Professionals/dp/1119002257/ref=pd_sim_16?pd_rd_w=V66XA&pf_rd_p=dc435707-6f1f-492e-b80d-8408db56abc9&pf_rd_r=HTJE6EBBD07PT9698WP5&pd_rd_r=3801ed2a-36fa-42bb-bf76-702cf5d948e1&pd_rd_wg=IML1T&pd_rd_i=1119002257&psc=1)
- [Interactive Data Visualization for the Web: An Introduction to Designing with D3](https://www.amazon.com/Interactive-Data-Visualization-Web-Introduction/dp/1449339735)

### for Python Programming

- [Python Data Science Handbook](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/) - Free to Read
- [Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Scratch-Principles-Python/dp/149190142X)
- [Data Science from Scratch/ Data Science from Scratch中文版（第二版）：用Python學資料科學](https://www.tenlong.com.tw/products/9789865023195?list_name=srh)

Commit message:

add Grokking series in Book List

README.md, after:

# Data Science Self-Boost

## [IBM Data Science Professional Certificate on Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-science)

| 週次 | 項目 | 說明與筆記連結 |
| --- | --- | ------------ |
| Week 1 | What is Data Science? | 資料科學入門總覽 |
| Week 2 | Tools for Data Science | 資料科學家常用工具包 |
| Week 3 | Data Science Methodology | |
| Week 4 | Python for Data Science and AI | 基本 Python 語法 |
| Week 5 | Databases and SQL for Data Science | 基本 SQL 語法與資料庫概念 |
| Week 6 | Data Analysis with Python | 數據分析用 Python |
| week 7 | Data Visualization with Python | 資料視覺化用 Python |
| Week 8 | Machine Learning with Python | 機器學習用 Python |
| Week 9 | Applied Data Science Capstone | 系列課程期末作品 

## Kaggle Courses

### Python

| course | Note | Date |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| [Lesson 1 Hello Python](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/hello-python) | [01 [Python] Syntax, Variables and Numbers](https://github.com/laiyenju/data-science-selfboost/blob/master/01-python-syntax-variable.md) | 2020-09-06 |
| [Lesson 2 Functions & Getting Help](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/functions-and-getting-help) |  |  |
| [Lesson 3 Booleans & Conditionals](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/booleans-and-conditionals) |  |  |
| [Lesson 4 Lists](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/lists) |  |  |
| [Lesson 5 Loops & Lists Comprehensions](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/loops-and-list-comprehensions) |  |  |
| [Lesson 6 Strings & Dictionaries](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/strings-and-dictionaries) |  |  |
| [Lesson 7 Working with External Libraries](https://www.kaggle.com/colinmorris/working-with-external-libraries) |  |  |


### Pandas

### Data Visualization

### Intro to Machine Learning

### Intermediate Machine Learning

### Kaggle Playground

- [Titanic](https://www.kaggle.com/c/titanic)
- [Housing Price](https://www.kaggle.com/c/home-data-for-ml-course)

## Applied Data Science with Python by University of Michigan on Coursera

- Course 1: Introduction to Data Science in Python
- Course 2: Applied Plotting, Charting & Data Representation in Python
- Course 3: Applied Machine Learning in Python
- Course 4: Applied Text Mining in Python
- Course 5: Applied Social Network Analysis in Python

## Andrew Wu's Machine Learning online course

- [Coursera: Machine Learning](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning)
- [Coursera: Deep Learning Specialization](https://www.deeplearning.ai/deep-learning-specialization/)

## Books

### for Casual and Mindset

- [Naked Statistics: Stripping the Dread from the Data](https://www.amazon.com/Naked-Statistics-Stripping-Dread-Data/dp/039334777X/ref=pd_sim_6?pd_rd_w=V66XA&pf_rd_p=dc435707-6f1f-492e-b80d-8408db56abc9&pf_rd_r=HTJE6EBBD07PT9698WP5&pd_rd_r=3801ed2a-36fa-42bb-bf76-702cf5d948e1&pd_rd_wg=IML1T&pd_rd_i=039334777X&psc=1)
- [The Data Detective: Ten Easy Rules to Make Sense of Statistics](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Detective-Rules-Sense-Statistics/dp/0593084594/ref=pd_sim_23?pd_rd_w=V66XA&pf_rd_p=dc435707-6f1f-492e-b80d-8408db56abc9&pf_rd_r=HTJE6EBBD07PT9698WP5&pd_rd_r=3801ed2a-36fa-42bb-bf76-702cf5d948e1&pd_rd_wg=IML1T&pd_rd_i=0593084594&psc=1)
- [How to Measure Anything](https://www.howtomeasureanything.com/)

### for Data Science Fundemental

- [Foundations of Data Science](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/jeh/book.pdf) - Free to Read
- [Data Smart](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Smart-Science-Transform-Information/dp/111866146X)
- [The Data Science Handbook](https://www.thedatasciencehandbook.com/)
- [Data Science for Business](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Business-Data-Analytic-Thinking-ebook/dp/B00E6EQ3X4)
- [Doing Data Science](https://www.amazon.com/Doing-Data-Science-Straight-Frontline-ebook/dp/B00FRSNHDC/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=Doing+Data+Science&qid=1617628039&s=digital-text&sr=1-1)
- [The Art of Data Science](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Data-Science-Roger-Peng/dp/1365061469/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=the+art+of+data+science+roger+peng&qid=1617628097&s=digital-text&sr=1-1)

### for Data Mining

- [The Ancient Art of the Numerati](http://guidetodatamining.com/) - Free to Read
- [Mining of Massive Datasets](http://www.mmds.org/) - Free to Read

### for Probability and Statistics

- [Introduction to Probability: Statistics and Random Processes](https://www.probabilitycourse.com/) - Free to Read
- [Probability Theory: The Logic of Science](https://bayes.wustl.edu/etj/prob/book.pdf) - Free to Read
- [Think Stats: Probability and Statistics for Programmers](https://greenteapress.com/thinkstats/) - Free to Read
- [Bayesian Methods for Hackers](https://github.com/CamDavidsonPilon/Probabilistic-Programming-and-Bayesian-Methods-for-Hackers) - Free to Read
- [Practical Statistics for Data Scientists](https://www.amazon.com/_/dp/1491952962?tag=oreilly20-20)

**Statistic Learning**

- [The Elements of Statistical Learning](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/ElemStatLearn/) - Free to Read
- [An Introduction to Statistical Learning](https://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Statistical-Learning-Applications-Statistics/dp/1461471370)

### for Database

- [SQL Cookbook](https://www.amazon.com/SQL-Cookbook-Solutions-Techniques-Developers-ebook/dp/B0026OR3KI)

### for Machine Learning

- [Machine Learning Yearning](https://github.com/ajaymache/machine-learning-yearning) - Free to Read
- [Understanding Machine Learning](https://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~shais/UnderstandingMachineLearning/#:~:text=About,%2C%20with%20far%2Dreaching%20applications.&text=The%20book%20provides%20a%20theoretical,these%20principles%20into%20practical%20algorithms.) - Free to Read
- [Grokking Algorithms: An Illustrated Guide for Programmers and Other Curious People](https://www.amazon.com/Grokking-Algorithms-illustrated-programmers-curious/dp/1617292230/ref=pd_sim_1?pd_rd_w=vHfYH&pf_rd_p=dc435707-6f1f-492e-b80d-8408db56abc9&pf_rd_r=1ZSYTW2FFRMXNVE6BFWD&pd_rd_r=97c925cf-4b7b-402b-9835-d62795d585c8&pd_rd_wg=8xO8m&pd_rd_i=1617292230&psc=1)
- [Grokking Artificial Intelligence Algorithms: Understand and apply the core algorithms of deep learning and artificial intelligence in this friendly illustrated guide including exercises and examples](https://www.amazon.com/Grokking-Artificial-Intelligence-Algorithms-Hurbans/dp/161729618X/ref=pd_sim_2?pd_rd_w=vHfYH&pf_rd_p=dc435707-6f1f-492e-b80d-8408db56abc9&pf_rd_r=1ZSYTW2FFRMXNVE6BFWD&pd_rd_r=97c925cf-4b7b-402b-9835-d62795d585c8&pd_rd_wg=8xO8m&pd_rd_i=161729618X&psc=1)

### for Deep Learning

- [Grokking Deep Learning](https://www.amazon.com/Grokking-Deep-Learning-Andrew-Trask/dp/1617293709)
- [Deep Learning](https://www.deeplearningbook.org/) - Free to Read

### for Experiment Design and A/B Testing

- [A First Course in Design and Analysis of Experiments](http://users.stat.umn.edu/~gary/Book.html) - Free to Read
- [Designing with Data: Improving the User Experience with A/B Testing](https://www.amazon.com/Designing-Data-Improving-Experience-Testing/dp/1449334830)

### for Data Visualization

- [Storytelling with Data: A Data Visualization Guide for Business Professionals](https://www.amazon.com/Storytelling-Data-Visualization-Business-Professionals/dp/1119002257/ref=pd_sim_16?pd_rd_w=V66XA&pf_rd_p=dc435707-6f1f-492e-b80d-8408db56abc9&pf_rd_r=HTJE6EBBD07PT9698WP5&pd_rd_r=3801ed2a-36fa-42bb-bf76-702cf5d948e1&pd_rd_wg=IML1T&pd_rd_i=1119002257&psc=1)
- [Interactive Data Visualization for the Web: An Introduction to Designing with D3](https://www.amazon.com/Interactive-Data-Visualization-Web-Introduction/dp/1449339735)

### for Python Programming

- [Python Data Science Handbook](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/) - Free to Read
- [Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Scratch-Principles-Python/dp/149190142X)
- [Data Science from Scratch/ Data Science from Scratch中文版（第二版）：用Python學資料科學](https://www.tenlong.com.tw/products/9789865023195?list_name=srh)
